ReadMe.md, before:

# pytest-richtrace

A pytest plugin that dumps the stages of the pytest testing process to the terminal.

It uses `rich` to add formatting to the output.

## Installation

Install using pip

```shell
pip install pytest_richtrace
```

## Usage

To activate the plugin add the `--rich-trace` option to the `pytest` command line.

## Sample output

### Full test run

#### Quiet output

```shell
pytest --rich-trace -q
```

<img src="https://github.com/sffjunkie/pytest-richtrace/raw/main/docs/quickstart/output-quiet.svg" width="700px" alt="quiet output">

#### Normal output

```shell
pytest --rich-trace
```

<img src="https://github.com/sffjunkie/pytest-richtrace/raw/main/docs/quickstart/output.svg" width="700px" alt="normal output">

### Verbose output

```shell
pytest --rich-trace --verbose
```

<img src="https://github.com/sffjunkie/pytest-richtrace/raw/main/docs/quickstart/output-verbose.svg" width="700px" alt="verbose output">

### --collect-only output

```shell
pytest --rich-trace --collect-only
```

<img src="https://github.com/sffjunkie/pytest-richtrace/raw/main/docs/quickstart/output-collect-only.svg" width="700px" alt="--collect-only output">

Commit message:

Added note about no pypi release being available.

ReadMe.md, after:

# pytest-richtrace

A pytest plugin that dumps the stages of the pytest testing process to the terminal.

It uses `rich` to add formatting to the output.

> **NOTE**: This project is not currently available on pypi.org as it uses the V2 version of pydantic from git and pypi does not allow packages to be uploaded with this use of git URLs.

## Installation

Install using pip

```shell
pip install pytest_richtrace
```

## Usage

To activate the plugin add the `--rich-trace` option to the `pytest` command line.

## Sample output

### Full test run

#### Quiet output

```shell
pytest --rich-trace -q
```

<img src="https://github.com/sffjunkie/pytest-richtrace/raw/main/docs/quickstart/output-quiet.svg" width="700px" alt="quiet output">

#### Normal output

```shell
pytest --rich-trace
```

<img src="https://github.com/sffjunkie/pytest-richtrace/raw/main/docs/quickstart/output.svg" width="700px" alt="normal output">

### Verbose output

```shell
pytest --rich-trace --verbose
```

<img src="https://github.com/sffjunkie/pytest-richtrace/raw/main/docs/quickstart/output-verbose.svg" width="700px" alt="verbose output">

### --collect-only output

```shell
pytest --rich-trace --collect-only
```

<img src="https://github.com/sffjunkie/pytest-richtrace/raw/main/docs/quickstart/output-collect-only.svg" width="700px" alt="--collect-only output">
